[IMP] essentials: activities updates (#9526)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/essentials/activities.rst

Activities
==========

.. |clock| replace:: :icon:`fa-clock-o` :guilabel:`(clock)` icon

*Activities* are follow-up tasks tied to a record in an Odoo database.

.. _activities/important:

The icon used to display activities varies depending on the :ref:`activity type <activities/types>`:

> - :icon:`fa-clock-o` :guilabel:`(clock)` icon: the default activities icon.
> - :icon:`fa-phone` :guilabel:`(phone)` icon: this icon appears if a phone call is scheduled.
> - :icon:`fa-envelope` :guilabel:`(envelope)` icon: this icon appears if an email is scheduled.
> - :icon:`fa-check` :guilabel:`(check)` icon: this icon appears if a to-do is scheduled.
> - :icon:`fa-users` :guilabel:`(people)` icon: this icon appears if a meeting is scheduled.
> - :icon:`fa-upload` :guilabel:`(upload)` icon: this icon appears if a document is scheduled to be
>   uploaded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :icon:`fa-clock-o` :guilabel:`(clock)` icon: the default activities icon.
- :icon:`fa-phone` :guilabel:`(phone)` icon: a phone call is scheduled.
- :icon:`fa-envelope` :guilabel:`(envelope)` icon: an email is scheduled.
- :icon:`fa-check` :guilabel:`(check)` icon: a "to-do" is scheduled.
- :icon:`fa-users` :guilabel:`(people)` icon: a meeting is scheduled.
- :icon:`fa-upload` :guilabel:`(upload)` icon: a document is scheduled to be
  uploaded.
```
suggestion to cut down on repetitive language, thus creating slightly more succinct definitions per icon

> - :icon:`fa-pencil-square-o` :guilabel:`(request signature)` icon: this icon appears if a signature
>   request is scheduled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :icon:`fa-pencil-square-o` :guilabel:`(request signature)` icon: a signature request is scheduled.
```
same reasoning as above ☝️

Kanban view
-----------

> Activities can also be created from the Kanban view.

Reviewer 2: Suggesting instead of the below tip admonition, as this is a bit more streamlined :)
```suggestion
Activities can also be created from the :icon:`oi-view-kanban` :guilabel:`(Kanban)` view.
```

> .. tip::
>    To switch to the Kanban view in an application, click the :icon:`oi-view-kanban`
>    :guilabel:`(Kanban)` icon.
> 

Reviewer 2: If previous suggestion is implemented
```suggestion
```

Kanban view
-----------

> Another way that activities are created is from the Kanban view.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Activities can also be created from the Kanban view.
```

> Activities can also be created from a list view.

Reviewer 2: Just to stay consistent with the rest of the doc, add the view's icon here too please :)
```suggestion
Activities can also be created from a :icon:`oi-view-list` :guilabel:`(list)` view.
```

If the :guilabel:`Activities` column is hidden, reveal it using the :icon:`oi-settings-adjust`

> :guilabel:`(adjust)` icon in the far-right of the top row.

Reviewer 2: Nitpick- update to the full icon's name please :)
```suggestion
:guilabel:`(settings adjust)` icon in the far-right of the top row.
```

Activities can also be created from a list view.

If the :guilabel:`Activities` column is hidden, reveal it using the :icon:`oi-settings-adjust`

> :guilabel:`(adjust)` icon in the far-right of the top row.

Reviewer: I fully understand the use of (adjust) here as the icon descriptor, however, in the past, I *believe* we *may* have used 'additional options' as the name of the icon -- but not sure if that's where we landed **officially** -- either way, might be worth checking with Sam about this one during your revisions to see what he thinks is the best route... 👍

Author: I checked with @samueljlieber, we are supposed to use the official name (from dev tools), at least for now, just to be consistent. :+1:

> Then, click on the |clock| for the record the activity is being added to, then click :guilabel:`+

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Then, click on the |clock| for the record the activity is being added to, and click :guilabel:`+
```

Activity view
-------------

Most applications in Odoo have an *Activity* view available. If available, a |clock| is visible in

> the top-right of the main menu bar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the top-right corner of the main menu bar, amongst the other view option icons.
```
suggestion: for added clarification and specificity

All scheduled activities
========================

To view a consolidated list of activities, organized by application, click the |clock| in the header

> menu, located in the top-right.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
menu, located in the top-right corner.
```
